Add configuration readme (#61)
hyperliquid-dex/hyperliquid-python-sdk: README.md

```bash
pip install hyperliquid-python-sdk
```
## Configuration 

> Generate and authorize a new API private key on https://app.hyperliquid.xyz/API

Author: good point

I've updated the content here to primarily point to the main wallet and optionally use an API wallet

@traderben im also thinking of moving this to use the [dotenv](https://pypi.org/project/python-dotenv/) package for managing the private key rather than holding it in the config file. Is that something you're supportive of?

> Generate and authorize a new API private key on https://app.hyperliquid.xyz/API

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the readme. I don't see the value in adding a dependency on dotenv, so I'd rather not add that change

```bash
pip install hyperliquid-python-sdk
```
## Configuration 

- Set the public key as the `account_address` in examples/config.json.
- Set your private key as the `secret_key` in examples/config.json.
- See the example of loading the config in examples/example_utils.py

### [Optional] Generate a new API key for an API Wallet

> Generate and authorize a new API private key on https://app.hyperliquid.xyz/API, and use the public key and private here instead of your main wallet keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate and authorize a new API private key on https://app.hyperliquid.xyz/API, and set the API wallet's private key as the `secret_key` in examples/config.json. Note that you must still set the public key of the main wallet *not* the API wallet as the `account_address` in examples/config.json
```
